Comments on using Whitespace (use a lot of it. Some places where it is good to have it are (1) around operators (assignment and arithmetic), (2) between function arguments and list elements, (3) between matrix/array indices, in particular for missing indices.)
Though not necessary for the machine to read without these whitespaces, this makes syntaxes more readable, like composing an English sentence. 

Note:Where documentation is necessary:(1) summarizing a block of code, (2) explaining a very complicated piece of code - recall our complicated regular expressions, (3) explaining arbitrary constant values.

Comment about constant values (Don¡¯t hard code numbers - use variables (e.g., number of iterations, parameter values in simulations), even if you don¡¯t expect to change the value, as this makes the code more readable)
This also later changhes to these constant easier, you don't need to read inside the lines.

Question about Keeping a document describing your running analysis with dates in a text file (i.e., a lab book): Is it necessary if you already explained what the code is doing inside your code file, and also added comment of what you did when commiting to version controller.  ( And Is there a sample of this? how should they be formated?)

Question: What is a good plain text editor for documentation and lab book on windows? Or just use MS Word and save it as .txt?

Note about how to creat names: To avoid the possibility of errors later in the workflow, spaces, periods, and slashes should not be used in file name
Comments:use '_' or '-' inside names to replace spaces and hold a constant style.

Note: doing reprodicible research is a scientific attitude. And its benifit include making later chkeckout and revise easier, making colaborating work easier, and making results more convinsible.

Question about Save your output at intermediate steps (including the random seed state) so you can restart if an error occurs or a computer fails. Using save() and save.image() to write to .RData files work well for this
In testing and seed state the output might be ramdom and in a mess,since errors always accur during these stage. Why should they be saved? instead of saving them I sometimes prefer deleting all of them and start runing program from anew. 


Notes: Two important things for reproducible research: using scriping, and making version control. one thing good about version control is that it maintains a single, authoritative version of the directory at all times 
